# Udacity Full Stack javascript developer - Hosting a Full-Stack Application

## Project description

This is the fourth project of the Udacity Full Stack Javascript Developer Nanodegree program: Hosting a Full-Stack Application. It uses the code provided by Udacity in
https://github.com/udacity/nd0067-c4-deployment-process-project-starter.

*Complete*

## Link to the hosted working Front-End Application

The applicatin is accessible through http://udagram-ppl.s3-website.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/.

## Last build with CircleCI

Any change on the github repo https://github.com/PaulPloumhans/fullstack-app-deployment triggers an automatic build and deployment on CircleCI.
*Include link to CircleCI build status if possible otherwise screenshot of last successful build*

## Other documentation

### Architecture diagram

### Infrastructure description

### AWS Resources used

All AWS resources used are hosted in the the EU (Frankfurt) region.

#### RDS

The RDS database is called `database-udagram` and its endpoint is database-udagram.cocna09lelvj.eu-central-1.rds.amazonaws.com.
It has a dedicated security group `udagram-security-group` that allows all incoming traffic on port 5432.

Master username is `postgres` and the password was generated by AWS.

#### S3 bucket for api media storing

The udagram-api-media` bucket is used to store media by the API. For access management purposes, it has a dedicated admin user called `udagram-api-media` with associated access keys.

The bucket has the following CORS policy
`
[
    {
        "AllowedHeaders": [
            "*"
        ],
        "AllowedMethods": [
            "PUT",
            "POST",
            "DELETE",
            "HEAD",
            "GET"
        ],
        "AllowedOrigins": [
            "*"
        ],
        "ExposeHeaders": []
    }
]
`

#### S3 bucket for website static hosting

The S3 endpoint for website static hosting http://udagram-ppl.s3-website.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/.

### App dependencies

All the app dependencies are documented in `package.json` files. For udagram-api, the package `pg` created issues (connection to RDS hanging). This was solved by upgrading it to the latest version (8.7.1 as of this writing)

### Pipeline process (with CircleCI)

### **You can use you own project completed in previous courses or use the provided Udagram app for completing this final project.**
